https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEpe5DhhS0HYFBaCVsU2Iwg/playlists	#The Bad Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmoX4QULJ9MB00xW4coMiOw/playlists	#Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ooVrP1hQOHY-BeYrKHDrHKphsJOyRyu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZeron4gSW__LT5EQV5VTuw/playlists	#eHowSports
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ooVrP1hQOFWxRJcGdCot7AgJu29SVV3
#NPTEL
#https://www.youtube.com/user/DawnLaurenFitness/playlists/
#https://www.youtube.com/user/livelovepartyTV/playlists/
#https://www.youtube.com/user/ZumbaFrance/playlists/
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1xHD4vteKYVpaIiy295pg6_SY5qznc77	#NPTEL MOOC Machine Learning 2016
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M9gCgajvQbc68Hk_JKGBAYT	#Deep Learning
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M-_1jAqrFCsgCcuTYm_2urp	#Deep Learning - Part2
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbRMhDVUMngc7NM-gDwcBzIYZNFSK2N1a	#NOC July 2019 : Deep Learning
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M-zd14rp6xUK-uxQDvXARL-	#Machine Learning,ML
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M-SISTunGRBRiZk7opYBf_K	#Machine Learning for Engineering and Science Applications

#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLy_2iUCG87C6Ni9RROAcJ7dKIcNMOtI5	#Business Analytics & Text Mining Modeling Using Python
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLy_2iUCG87DugHjjOGBZDXfufXjfaXNs	#Business Statistics
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLy_2iUCG87CU3y7GQo6LLRi5KD8rT7Zo	#Business Analytics & Data Mining Modeling Using R Part II
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M-Rf2y3MT5aZ1UpTF1UQBK0	#Data Science for Engineers
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbRMhDVUMngekIHyLt8b_3jQR7C0KUCul	#Scalable Data Science by Prof. Anirban Dasgupta and Prof. Sourangshu Bhattacharya

#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbRMhDVUMngcx5xHChJ-f7ofxZI4JzuQR	#NOC Jan 2019: Programming in Java
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M_Fu6l8irVwXkUyC9Gwqr6_	#Programming, Data Structures And Algorithms Using Python
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqSpQzTE6M_Cwf1kmT0kr09kD3_5Kqyj	#The Joy of Computing using Python

#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbRMhDVUMngd1Rqk6YP2nSfTRp-eIUJrJ	#NOC July 2019 : Computer Vision
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbRMhDVUMngcJu5oUhgpgYqtOn7DmSfuU	#NOC Jan 2019: Embedded System Design with ARM
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbRMhDVUMngdcLdH4-YF1uJI4IuhcDZPR	#NOC Jan 2019 : Introduction to Industry 4.0 and Industrial Internet of Things

#https://www.youtube.com/user/sentdex/playlists
#https://www.youtube.com/user/mihrantv/playlists				#Mihran Kirakosian
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO48PurjV19YHPTdxIiI5-w/playlists	#Shotokan Sensei
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5-U0-NL0qhp7nU14Aa0xeQ/playlists	#Vicky Patel Dance

#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0-84-yl1fUnRuXGFe_F7qSH1LEnn9LkW
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEB66C14B081F5032
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL41lfR-6DnOqPsuqxjRchhBf2m78DOMbM
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_Ov4RuPhaxZAV3r_eKOsMEGxhSkBcGt_
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLriKzYyLb28kpEnFFi9_vJWPf5-_7d3rX
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLP0S85GEw7DOJf_cbgUIL20qqwqb5x8KA
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0BFB1A647F7274EA
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNnwglGGYoTtW7o4PHFOSWGevcdFa3v3D
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1D4EAB31D3EBC449
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGMzg3FSjwgn4x38ueHR6k_UqtLl-QT5J
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL01E8A9999F558916
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSJVeK0fwsdijSelDLwIVqefpR2xbfwmG #LMMS Pending
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDoPjvoNmBAwCNR-UIRft5YuVlZKrYh20
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJDamjx8iw44YyOJMuT7lvpRQ4d1TfLVh
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL48F4E044565B097A
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDclr_SCaTAwUiJYgKDOUQvv6TJRj6fXx
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTyNXCMBOiBAc1VEqvfQzXwUk3NRI5N2d
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeu1p5jL9GOPIupp0JjzgzLCcEKl6Ne1y
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXmi76euGSyzXIKjigLhxJ_sWDwod0eYi
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_Ov4RuPhaxaes285Lh32XnPfdt4iOPYK
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLP35LyTOQVIt823Sy_C3-166RLzONbw6W
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPmnoMVpkxfgvx6K9WCv-zlbIksh7yJd-

#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPnJnimTSBr-6Q_xX-P-PwvF
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPlqMkzr4xyuD6cXTIgPuzgn
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPkQXg8TkVdIvYv4HfLG7SiH
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPlkESDcHD-0oqVx5sAIgz7O
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPmaHhu-Lz3mhLSj-YH-JnG7
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPnidDwo9e2c7ixIsu_pdSNp
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPn_OWPFT9ulXLuQrImzHfOV
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPk41og7PER4HBpGciPw6n3x
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPlSFCDRaseIGGxlGn81Adjs
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPnbDacyrK_kB_RUkuxQBlCm
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3UpcvaDU_Fkfu9wnEBvF_XBR6KeMg8jv
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAwxTw4SYaPnxzSuovATBMrNowGaaEBmW
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7B7FA4E693D8E790
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNnwglGGYoTvy37TSGFlv-aFkpg7owWrE
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8765IzZomZ6NguIrpor-6l_lLTirrny_
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL01E8A9999F558916
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLa9ASr8n5idArGa1uaBExM-lI-nO1P959
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXmi76euGSyzXIKjigLhxJ_sWDwod0eYi
#https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXmi76euGSyzX8KMPAHJPyOSZy5w4CsV9

#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ/playlists	#sentdex
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBVCi5JbYmfG3q5MEuoWdOw/playlists	#Udacity
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU6e4MJtvlcX5DBLP1cq8hQ/playlists	#Udemy Tech
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC79Gv3mYp6zKiSwYemEik9A/playlists	#DataCamp
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkw4JCwteGrDHIsyIIKo4tQ/playlists	#edureka!
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ooVrP1hQOE5ZDJJsnEXZ2upwK7aTYiX
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuadPFPaLssruxIU2MuIeXQ/playlists	#Neil Keleher
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEpe5DhhS0HYFBaCVsU2Iwg/playlists	#The Bad Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC59K-uG2A5ogwIrHw4bmlEg/playlists	#Telusko
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw/playlists	#thenewboston
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoQK7OVcIVy-nV4m-SMCk_Q/playlists	#Adrian Rosebrock
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHbx9IUW7eCeJsC4sBCTNBA/playlists	#iFixit Video
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2DjFE7Xf11URZqWBigcVOQ/playlists	#EEVblog
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUGCfw5Kjg6xrF6XFoKw-ww/playlists	#MonkeySee
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSpVHeDGr9UbREhRca0qwsA/playlists	#Howcast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw/playlists	#MIT OpenCourseWare
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5-U0-NL0qhp7nU14Aa0xeQ/playlists	#Vicky Patel Dance
https://www.youtube.com/user/mihrantv/playlists				#Mihran Kirakosian
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrfgEht4KZl6dIh_ySaZ3gQ/playlists	#How to Dance - For Men
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_ZE4PR1Yo1miy7EmuJqpmQ/playlists	#Rockstar Dance Studios
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv58r9mAhzFjrfk4d5tK2RA/playlists	#Melvin Louis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrCrHVA0_WTH1vmn_13eGeg/playlists	#LiveToDance with Sonali
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZTnPAzTvTAaLp7U-BrskOQ/playlists	#Hattke
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY4l4LQ6Da40CDotReSEu5w/playlists	#Dancefit Live
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-tyfuaqimxRI0If_iJdUwQ/playlists	#Vidya Nahar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIKDR34zgmNtc_x1vb470vA/playlists	#Online Garba Class SATHIYA GARBA INTERNATIONAL
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCczFdwWpVEpoqb-eMm4c4dQ/playlists	#Matt Steffanina
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw8ZhLPdQ0u_Y-TLKd61hGA/playlists	#1MILLION Dance Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsgteDt49mgLADdBIkoAo3Q/playlists	#Brinn Nicole Gooch
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO48PurjV19YHPTdxIiI5-w/playlists	#Shotokan Sensei
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2P_ez18uOCFlNpnZParZtw/playlists	#Global Martial Arts University
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEKuJovn_U9PdoGXxjWx4Tg/playlists	#Shaolin kung fu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvQQ0F6MBrNn2HopQBG7OVg/playlists	#iYoga Class
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_xYALq063ZWm-26IeG9cCQ/playlists	#VENTUNO YOGA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH-81uaxCwAAaSgxRtxMkxg/playlists	#KinoYoga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg5LjzSV0GqSjXJXERkW1FA/playlists	#Jeet Selal Aesthetics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiP6wD_tYlYLYh3agzbByWQ/playlists	#FitnessBlender
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBINFWq52ShSgUFEoynfSwg/playlists	#POPSUGAR Fitness
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0yMj-s4r3ydlDtT9XlBUSw/playlists	#Don of Desire
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2onM4kU0ChVbwlYMemRJEg/playlists	#KamaTV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkxMlA7rt-mnIc1AjbyAsPw/playlists	#sexplanations
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwTRjvjVge51X-ILJ4i22ew/playlists	#Sing King Karaoke
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIk6z4gxI5ADYK7HmNiJvNg/playlists	#Sing2Piano | Piano Backing Tracks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjRzsiP_aDWWLHV4-2LKBtg/playlists	#recordingrevolution
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj0-W75RL3AS_psDlWBqu1w/playlists	#SadowickProduction
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpyUGZeMUtOvt57UACw3H2g/playlists	#Produce Like A Pro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC21BwBKSKiPFbNvzl3-eh_A/playlists	#MusicTechHelpGuy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbdhEtUEo9x-sNNOpAe3cMQ/playlists	#Berklee Online
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjdxyPMmtiBLrmsM2Ok-AUg/playlists	#swiftlessons
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM61zUkZ6dpzJHE1sUeSJ0Q/playlists	#Voice Lesson.com
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6x5NRBmotXDEvLDDFWlLvA/playlists	#Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClnt3qoAgvP6rLq_kzy4gbw/playlists	#Roger Burnley Voice Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbAHuHgj0RjadzpDzZ0OWVA/playlists	#Aussie Vocal Coach
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXlIvD6MtbHB7YhP3vudmHQ/playlists	#Maneesh Saxena
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzQ1L-wzA_1qmLf49ey9iTQ/playlists	#DSLRguide
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCefkgjtkENB2-mR8jftChUQ/playlists	#Profit Adda
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChA624rCabHAmd6lpkLOw7A/playlists	#WPBeginner - WordPress Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq2MmZQ8-kqEVAnmL2GSMsQ/playlists	#Maplesoft
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiaUNF5GUwJ8owZq5Qgw0ZA/playlists	#ShareLaTeX
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtwaWPOXEBysZLh1rrPzwFw/playlists	#SolidWorks Tutorial ☺
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjaDB1VxFVh0mf181Eu7w7Q/playlists	#Mufasu CAD
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPzsLg_Hze9S_LLMhJGuUrA/playlists	#parsysEDA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCChqsCRFePrP2X897iQkyAA/playlists	#Kabita's Kitchen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb75CvYbm5BXpbEkGqFKABw/playlists	#Manjula's Kitchen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYRRwNWXxCKFaVjFuXo1I8Q/playlists	#Tarla Dalal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgoxyzvouZM-tCgsYzrYtyg/playlists	#NishaMadhulika
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqJkAAmi4QKCPCF62r_-BhQ/playlists	#India Food Network
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuOEJKsxQkkfj_NRUT8rX-g/playlists	#Travelxp
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSPEjw8F2nQDtmUKPFNF7_A/playlists	#NHK WORLD-JAPAN
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGaOvAFinZ7BCN_FDmw74fQ/playlists	#Expedia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCchgIh8Tc4sTmBfnMQ5pDdg/playlists	#Rick Steves' Europe
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt_NLJ4McJlCyYM-dSPRo7Q/playlists	#Lost LeBlanc
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeMecwNIJrd_kyw_6fKgmqw/playlists	#The Social House
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB5ZX_WFAXHllGSERP-6EvA/playlists	#BuddyBits
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWMGibmCqz-J7U_08ziHzdg/playlists	#Tape A Tale
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYuZK76-fjla2_4aSsVphsQ/playlists	#G TALKS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7LqfmRTtzz3potF56FFwEg/playlists	#Mirchi RJ Vashishth
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZgq0kHCr8COZd-lnGnmz9w/playlists	#InnerVoice
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTlnaHHQ75zlDg_fLr7tGEg/playlists	#The Timeliners
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC85VW73bQLEjs_taFKP7TwQ/playlists	#Nucleus Medical Media



