https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL-WQgyfBDpYABZWkWhaYDXfGj1sTqscE
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL-WQgyfBDpaWom3gMD1k6RaJJqRngPmm
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL-WQgyfBDpZ90_Ob5InVpk-EBILoVsfq
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtu-RwizV2qM8AvdrCEsBZpcgp7jPVHFG
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw8ZhLPdQ0u_Y-TLKd61hGA	#1MILLION Dance Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7IMq6lLHbptAnSucW1pClA	#FilterCopy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeMecwNIJrd_kyw_6fKgmqw	#The Social House
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB5ZX_WFAXHllGSERP-6EvA	#BuddyBits
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWMGibmCqz-J7U_08ziHzdg	#Tape A Tale
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv58r9mAhzFjrfk4d5tK2RA	#Melvin Louis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYuZK76-fjla2_4aSsVphsQ	#G TALKS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrCrHVA0_WTH1vmn_13eGeg	#LiveToDance with Sonali
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZTnPAzTvTAaLp7U-BrskOQ	#Hattke
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ	#sentdex
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBVCi5JbYmfG3q5MEuoWdOw	#Udacity
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU6e4MJtvlcX5DBLP1cq8hQ	#Udemy Tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC79Gv3mYp6zKiSwYemEik9A	#DataCamp
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkw4JCwteGrDHIsyIIKo4tQ	#edureka!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEpe5DhhS0HYFBaCVsU2Iwg	#The Bad Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC59K-uG2A5ogwIrHw4bmlEg	#Telusko
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw	#thenewboston
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoQK7OVcIVy-nV4m-SMCk_Q	#Adrian Rosebrock
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHbx9IUW7eCeJsC4sBCTNBA	#iFixit Video
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2DjFE7Xf11URZqWBigcVOQ	#EEVblog
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUGCfw5Kjg6xrF6XFoKw-ww	#MonkeySee
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSpVHeDGr9UbREhRca0qwsA	#Howcast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw	#MIT OpenCourseWare
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5-U0-NL0qhp7nU14Aa0xeQ	#Vicky Patel Dance
https://www.youtube.com/user/mihrantv				#Mihran Kirakosian
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrfgEht4KZl6dIh_ySaZ3gQ	#How to Dance - For Men
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuadPFPaLssruxIU2MuIeXQ	#Neil Keleher
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_ZE4PR1Yo1miy7EmuJqpmQ	#Rockstar Dance Studios
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY4l4LQ6Da40CDotReSEu5w	#Dancefit Live
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-tyfuaqimxRI0If_iJdUwQ	#Vidya Nahar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIKDR34zgmNtc_x1vb470vA	#Online Garba Class SATHIYA GARBA INTERNATIONAL
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCczFdwWpVEpoqb-eMm4c4dQ	#Matt Steffanina
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsgteDt49mgLADdBIkoAo3Q	#Brinn Nicole Gooch
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO48PurjV19YHPTdxIiI5-w	#Shotokan Sensei
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2P_ez18uOCFlNpnZParZtw	#Global Martial Arts University
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEKuJovn_U9PdoGXxjWx4Tg	#Shaolin kung fu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvQQ0F6MBrNn2HopQBG7OVg	#iYoga Class
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_xYALq063ZWm-26IeG9cCQ	#VENTUNO YOGA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH-81uaxCwAAaSgxRtxMkxg	#KinoYoga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg5LjzSV0GqSjXJXERkW1FA	#Jeet Selal Aesthetics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiP6wD_tYlYLYh3agzbByWQ	#FitnessBlender
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBINFWq52ShSgUFEoynfSwg	#POPSUGAR Fitness
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZeron4gSW__LT5EQV5VTuw	#eHowSports
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0yMj-s4r3ydlDtT9XlBUSw	#Don of Desire
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2onM4kU0ChVbwlYMemRJEg	#KamaTV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkxMlA7rt-mnIc1AjbyAsPw	#sexplanations
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwTRjvjVge51X-ILJ4i22ew	#Sing King Karaoke
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIk6z4gxI5ADYK7HmNiJvNg	#Sing2Piano | Piano Backing Tracks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjRzsiP_aDWWLHV4-2LKBtg	#recordingrevolution
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj0-W75RL3AS_psDlWBqu1w	#SadowickProduction
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpyUGZeMUtOvt57UACw3H2g	#Produce Like A Pro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC21BwBKSKiPFbNvzl3-eh_A	#MusicTechHelpGuy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbdhEtUEo9x-sNNOpAe3cMQ	#Berklee Online
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjdxyPMmtiBLrmsM2Ok-AUg	#swiftlessons
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM61zUkZ6dpzJHE1sUeSJ0Q	#Voice Lesson.com
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6x5NRBmotXDEvLDDFWlLvA	#Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClnt3qoAgvP6rLq_kzy4gbw	#Roger Burnley Voice Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbAHuHgj0RjadzpDzZ0OWVA	#Aussie Vocal Coach
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXlIvD6MtbHB7YhP3vudmHQ	#Maneesh Saxena
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzQ1L-wzA_1qmLf49ey9iTQ	#DSLRguide
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCefkgjtkENB2-mR8jftChUQ	#Profit Adda
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChA624rCabHAmd6lpkLOw7A	#WPBeginner - WordPress Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq2MmZQ8-kqEVAnmL2GSMsQ	#Maplesoft
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiaUNF5GUwJ8owZq5Qgw0ZA	#ShareLaTeX
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtwaWPOXEBysZLh1rrPzwFw	#SolidWorks Tutorial â˜º
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjaDB1VxFVh0mf181Eu7w7Q	#Mufasu CAD
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPzsLg_Hze9S_LLMhJGuUrA	#parsysEDA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCChqsCRFePrP2X897iQkyAA	#Kabita's Kitchen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb75CvYbm5BXpbEkGqFKABw	#Manjula's Kitchen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYRRwNWXxCKFaVjFuXo1I8Q	#Tarla Dalal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgoxyzvouZM-tCgsYzrYtyg	#NishaMadhulika
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqJkAAmi4QKCPCF62r_-BhQ	#India Food Network
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmoX4QULJ9MB00xW4coMiOw	#Sanjeev Kapoor Khazana
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuOEJKsxQkkfj_NRUT8rX-g	#Travelxp
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSPEjw8F2nQDtmUKPFNF7_A	#NHK WORLD-JAPAN
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGaOvAFinZ7BCN_FDmw74fQ	#Expedia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCchgIh8Tc4sTmBfnMQ5pDdg	#Rick Steves' Europe
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt_NLJ4McJlCyYM-dSPRo7Q	#Lost LeBlanc
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7LqfmRTtzz3potF56FFwEg	#Mirchi RJ Vashishth
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZgq0kHCr8COZd-lnGnmz9w	#InnerVoice
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTlnaHHQ75zlDg_fLr7tGEg	#The Timeliners
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC85VW73bQLEjs_taFKP7TwQ	#Nucleus Medical Media


